very good current but the 14 here
commenting and welcome one more day to
your channel and what I bring you today is
how to sell champions the book flames
it is as you will see in the title and it is good
a pretty innovative thing that they have
removed or that they took out recently and that
Many people do not know that there is a lot
people do not know how to make it worth then
it's very simple we just have to
go to the store we will see this that
is the main screen of the store
with the new champion new skins
etcetera and we have to go to the last
tab of all I have it in English
but hey you just because you
you go to the last tab just change
nothing
you give him and here you have the champions that
you have bought in the past I do not know
if it's three months or a month or I think that
it will be like three months worth the champions
that you have bought the last three
these are mine
kathy yoga work and apart even though you
I sold now is to teach how they are in danger
newspapers and bouquets these are the champions
that I bought myself in the last three
months as you see him
the last the first one that I bought those
three months was the 25 of the 7 of 2012 vale
then good but 23 months in this
case are two months from seven to nine are
two months I do not know exactly the distance
but let 's just pulsáis here I
will give the option to sell worth then
well this is pretty good because if
there is a champion that you bought in
the last in the last two months and
that you did not like a lot did not
molado well you can sell it worth
but there are pegs that is not so wonderful
as we could think not only
You can sell three champions in life
of your account vouchers of life if I now
I have sold myself here to the pantheon
I could only sell two more and
at the time that another two comes
finished the bargain is good then yes
what are you going to do if you are going to sell you have
to sell with a head you have to be
insurance of your sale be safe
that this character is not going to be used
The truth is that I'm getting bored and
I did not sell it because I wanted to buy
to the new one and had like three thousand 900
was some missing points
so nothing sold pantheon and I
I bought then it's worth just once
that you have entered here you give
to action
and then we have to hit a riffo
good it will be like returning object you will have
you in Spanish I do not know how to
translates the truth but basically
is that you click on the action column and
clickair as to confirm it not
then once you confirm and
will add the points and as I say only
you can sell three champions in life
of our account is worth so nothing
good the truth a pretty tutorial
simple but good you asked me some
good you asked for it just me what
you asked jce so I do not expect anything
you have found it useful that if you do not
you knew well then you know it so
Nothing like and favorites if you have served and
see you in the next video bye bye